Hello Sir / Ma'am, This is Abhilash Sreenivasan from VJIT and here is the briefing of my assignment titled
Restaurant Management System :

1. My Java project for the Restaurant Manager would begin with an application window displaying two 
    buttons initially titled "Dine in" and "Home Delivery". The  selection of "Dine in" would open up
    another application window displaying two buttons titled "La Carte" and "Buffet". 
2. Upon choosing the option of "La carte", another application window is displayed representing the 
    "Allotment of Table" to the customers.
3. The next application window portion consists of the menu in 3 divisions as :Starters, Main Course and Desserts. 
   For ease, I would be mentioning 5 items of each with their respective prices and a text box where the quantity
    of each repsective items can be made to count.
4. A drop-down or a combo box is displayed for the selection of Drinks of Choice and the quantity
    required.
5. A seperator is used beneath which a Panel is displayed labelled "Executive Chef" which contains 
    the list of the items as ordered by the customer which is used for the preparation as required.
6. There are four buttons named "Total", "Reset", " Receipt","Print". When clicked on Total, the total price
    automatically including the taxes are displayed.
7.  The print button functions for printing the receipt which is also accompanied by the displaying of
     another application window as the "Customer Feedback" 
8. The total amount paid by the customer as per the bill is maintained in a database for further 
    checks.
9. The application windows are similar for "Buffet" and "Home Delivery" without an option for Assignment
    to waiter. The buffet application window would consist of two options being "Vegetarian Buffet" and
    "Non vegetarian buffet". Any specific add-ons not included in the buffet are also considered as a 
    drop - down box, the amount of which is added to the buffet price including the taxes.
10. The home delivery option would consist of a field to assign a delivery executive and the address can be 
      stored in another text field.


With regards,
Abhilash Sreenivasan.
